Reviewer 1 of CCTA 2023 submission 211

Comments to the author
======================

The authors proposed a method to analyze the friction
utilization of a road network was proposed. The following
points may help to improve the quality of your work:

1) The 3 DOF model doesn't consider the changes in the
normal tire forces, which could be caused by the vehicle's
pitch and roll dynamics and can significantly affect the
longitudinal and lateral tyre forces. This will affect the
friction utilization, especially in safety critical
scenarios.

2) As a nominal road condition with a maximum friction of
1.0 was assumed, the application of the developed map is
not clear when the weather changes the road surface to
wet/snow/icy. The friction utlization map may significantly
differ in such situations, which are in fact important
situations for vehicle safety. These cases aren't
considered.

3) Maintaining friction margins require the knowledge of
the maximum tire-road friction coefficient, but the work
assumed it to be 1.0. Therefore, it isn't clear how it can
be used to plan vehicle maneuvres such that friction
margins are maintained. 

The work presented clearly involved significant engineering
work. However, scientific contribution is questionable.
Considering the above points (and possibly others) may help
on this front.

Good luck.
